all the mornings of us the llamas arrasate
it will not help us to have a dog walk with it
for now outside the accounting area lived by Miguel Bosé if you do not
you come back like this
On the other hand, the lost ground of adiposity located on the street
start to strengthen is obligation of the cells of the lowest anna gray by
those at home
commenting for years
the supposed new and advanced in the monumental
expired this year efe I know who I am I understand very well his office of a
suicide
to walk away like a true guide along with him would be
ideal is that it has braked but brakes that is to say almost 17 and francisco lot of
things
sometimes one even finds it hard to understand those things but as to be really for
walk to go for a walk like this with your good dog corrects everything
and one goes on one side and another still on the other side how to do then to
understand each other in the best way
that zarat note we will make city the best address
often take our pet for a walk to eat
in a whole odyssey
10 the dog who decides love wants to go
in relation to his master's
and look for problems like other dogs
that's why it's important that you know what the basic rules are to get
walk your pet correctly
the first
funes and t4 basic things the necklace the strap a plastic bag feels that
She has a plastic bag and her hair to go for a walk
then family I decided to change with hyper-v the process starts in this way
the first is useful but you have to sit
it happens that my dog ​​weighs 600 kilos and cited his life the dog collar
up above the ears
took the strap
correctly supporting the inside of my hand I have never doubted my hand and the
grilled
distinguished thumb in this way that could release
pop to my facebook as many times as I need it
He was one of those dogs that did not know how to control themselves
and for Rafael it was quite a challenge to take him out to the street
It will also give me a strong experience
I tell him not to be that area
forever
they asked for permission to lose 5
we have another animal that deals with a process
when we took it out the 200 the president to little that they suffer it
once you know the basic rules and submit to plans of
training the pet can go for a walk very quietly
and is that like doña llanes can enjoy the pleasure of being accompanied
for your pet
the channels of the taibilla that is not routing well as I am here I have
learned
also with her
the lawyers
because it does not explode or not a little
with his friend
will not go fighting for martín and belgrano the commission was going to include a
year it is very important to win
but they know what are the most common mistakes that are made and that should
imitate
first note a competition selection process
If you have to remove it, finish with a work collar
to achieve control what prompted and these eggs go changing second no
can we come in
allowing our people have the competition
because because if it leads you to think we do not have control of the month
and the third is an operator our people
barked and discounted but we were touched in the street
the 765
according to its president and vice and walk again after
Strength can also enjoy a walk with your dog
that helps you develop stress so you do not make disasters at home
everything is a matter of taking these tips
and show your partner that he was calling
and not he who decides
where to go